what to say...

This is my new computer. I was excited, until I found those bastards at mac didn't put a legitimate text editing application. So instead I have to write on this crappy thing until I can filch one off someone else.

I'm trying to focus on writing, because I keep thinking "write! write!" However I'm distracted, American Psycho is on HBO and it's fascinating. Creepy and od, it should be a cult hit. They really make the guy into some type of loveable asshole.  And they make the 80s seem like a drug filled fuck fest. Interesting really...

I will do anything to avoid writing really. I'm watching The Minimalist with Mark Bitman on The New York Times website. He's making pernil (a pig's shoulder). I don't even like pork. Howeer it some how passes as capitivating.

I like this mac thing though, I can write and watch tv at the same time without scantly moving my eyes. 

Oddly, this pernile thing looks really good. Sometimes I think I'd like t oexpand my diet to pork and beef and all types of foodie fare, however, I don't think that's going to happen. Instead I'm going the health nut route, cutting out dairy products, dessert, and juice? Yea, I think that's fair - and also maybe white sugars. This is probably really ambitious, in fact I know it is. But i got to try.

So here's the concept. I'm going to try to write something every day this year. That's right, every day. 365. At the end, who know's what I will get. If nothing else, a detailed account of my 2008. Maybe I'll be better for it. Maybe it'll be shit and i don't know, i'll go fuck myself. But it's something to try, right? Something to get this writing monkey off my back, and maybe tame my crazy. You know, less talking aloud to myself, saying regretable things in public, calling people I don't need to call for the sake of conversation. Hopefully better decision making. 

I don't know, it sounds like a real corny project, like I'm a fucking cliche. But i'm sure I am to a certain extent. So I must live with that.

So, day 1. I watched Sex and the City, American Psycho, a bit of Real Sex (just enough so I could masturbate myself to sleep. Yes, I'm shooting for candor. What the fuck is the point of talking to myself if I can't keep it real?), and a bit of *batteries not included. Too much shit really. Then I got bored and debated leaving the house, deciding rather to call some folk who didn't answere their phones, to end up deciding to go to the movies with Adam Gutherie. I'm wondering if that was necessarily a good idea, but it's too late now, plans have been made, and I'm ten away from walking out the door. We'll see how this turns out. 

Also out of chronoligical order but of equal importance is the fact that karimah and her boyfriend jeremy slept on my couch last night, or rather, this morning. 5 am to be exact. And I felt some type of way, like, dang, Jeremy has grown up, he's funny, seems nice, why is he with her? I'm cuter. 

Wrong, I know. 

But still. I had to just eat it, like lesson learned. Got to give people a chance to grow up, can't change how you were feeling at the time, yada yada. 

Fuck it.

Now I've come back from the movies with Adam, trying to squeeze in my last few notes before I rush myself to sleep. Adam really is funny. He makes me laugh like I laugh with my family. And that's big, my family makes me want to piss myself most times. 

It's still awkward though, like trying to find a space for all our unfinished ends, making it all make sense and normal. Like the awkward shifts between flirting and friends.

I suppose it will all work itself out. We just need to find our old rhythm, whatever that is.

The movie (Kite Runner) was alright, but not as good as the book. The main actor was garbage. 