alrighty, day two.

Watching Music and Lyrics. I love Hugh Grant, he's just so funny and British. And while this isn't the greatest movie in the world, I'm compelled by the songwriting element. I want to write a song.

However, all in all it's not a great movie. It's making me sleepy. Amazing the things that get made these days.

So today I went to work. First day back after the new year. Not much to report, sit at a desk, send a bunch of emails, think about things. Like making a reality show about a club, perhaps specifically Taz of Dream (ahem, excuse me Love) fame. It seems like an obvious idea to do a show about a club, so much so that it worries me that it hasn't been done.  But i get that excited tingling adrenaline rush, like oooh this could be good. This could be really good. This could be my ticket out of the ghetto (or something). I'm hoping not to drop the ball. I need a break.

I didn't think about Christien too much today. Isn't that great?  I just keep thinking to write him an open letter of things I couldn't say to him, or was saving to say, or just never got around to telling him.

I don;t though, mostly because I'm lazy and also because my mood towards him fluctuates so much I'd probably lose interest in what I was writing. So it'll have to wait until a really low point. Until then I've resolved to enjoy the various men in my lives for their various purposes, which in my mind will include a Lost marathon with Alex. But again we'll see. I get lazy, I lose interest. The story of my life.

I gave up sweets, white sugar, and white flour, and now I'm craving them like an addict. I was already weak today, I had a cupcake at work. Forbidden fruit is so tempting, even though after I scarfed down the cupcake in 3 bites I realized it wasn't that great. Not only because I inhaled it and didn't chew, but also because I'm so doggone congested only one forth of my tastebuds are operating at this point. 

Yet and still I want it bad. I got the crackhead itch.

God, and of course now on project runway they're doing a candy challenge. I want to gnaw my arm off.

Arrgh. To add insult to injury I had two tablespoons of peanut butter to curb my sugar fix, but justthe thought that I did that makes my stomach turn. Ew. A rock bottom moment. 

These 365 days are going to be slow and boring if I don't come up with anything interesting to say. 

Ooh oh, I went to the gym. The end. 