2:13 in the morning.

It's not what you think.

No, I am not coming back from some great and conclusive date. I did not spend the evening with anyone spectacular that roused romantic feelings in me.

That did not happen. He was unsure of his ability to make it in a timely fashion, and I in turn did a friend outing with AJ and Darrell.

Me and Av might reschedule, I put the ball in his court. 

But I'm also not holding my breath.

So instead of coming home and sulking, sulking over the fact that my plan failed, that I had done my hair, worn make-up, high-heels, AND that one of my coworkers guessed what time it was before I could even get a hint, I decided that I would not let my failure defeat me. No, despite how bad I wanted to feel at my prospective rejection, AJ swooped in and saved the day through some miraculous plan of events, and I decided to soldier on through my friday night, high-heeled boots and all.

And so we ended up at the Whitney, where after waiting outside for approximately 20 minutes to get in, we saw the Kara Walker exhibition. I have to give it to the Whitney, they choose some really good shows. Her's was a striking composition of female reflections of slavery, all silohetted and cartoonish. It was comical and obscene at points, but I liked it. I especially liked her video installations with the puppetry.

Darrell talked all kinds of foolishness, about disliking white people and other sweeping opinions that only warranted a nod and smile in response. I think both AJ and I were a bit derailed by his overarching opinions.

Then on to a dinner that served me nasty chicken slouvaki, which I returned, and then the movies at Time Square to see "There Will Be Blood." I slept through some parts, but still managed to grasp the general plot. It was okay, the music was crazy, but in a completely good way.

And now I'm home. It's 2:24 am. 

Who knows what the weekend holds. DC? Maybe. My motivation is lacking.

I'm trying not to get down on myself. Yet it is so tempting. I'm not sure what the solution is, stay here or go to DC. I've concluded since really "Pretty Little Mistakes" that life rewards risks, and I should therefore take more risks. Good risks though. So what's riskier, staying here, or going there?

I'm not sure, I hope God delivers some revelation in the morning to save my weekend. Thus far it's off to a shaky start.