It's a two-fer.

Though today doesn't consist of much at all.

So yesterday morning I woke up debating going to DC. 

Do I or don't i? Do I or don't I?

I didn't want to look like the lame party crasher. Surprisingly my mom put her foot down like, "Stop over thinking things! It's not that serious! Just go, have fun!"

So I went.

I had fun.

It all worked out fine. Donniesha picked me up from the bus station, met up with the girls at whole foods, had some sushi. Went back to renee's studio and got dressed, then headed out to this really nice restaurant called Oja, which was black owned, and had a really great dinner. But you know how I am: too much to drink and I really can't taste anything.

Then on to Xayna's hotel room in dupont circle, where a few smoked while the rest just danced around and acted a fool. After we attempted to go out to some club in Georgetown. It was whack, me, donneisha and khaliah didn't want to pay, so we sat in the car until renee and the rest left the club. This took approximately 45 minutes.

Then up in the morning and back on a bus to DC.

Overall I had a good time. I'm glad I went, I definitely learned I overthink things waay too much. Hopefully I'll learn to go with the flow more, take more risks, stop thinking everyone's against me.

However it was hard, being in Georgetown. It mad me sad and ache, thinking about him, us in the neighborhood. It amazes me how 2 short months of interaction can overrule years of memories. But they do. 

And so it made me a little disgruntled. Not at him, but at God. I know I romanticize things, imagine the past more beautiful than it ever was. But at the same time, it was so real, and I've never felt anything else like it, and four years later it is still there.

Thus, I felt (feel?) a little abandoned by God. Or maybe that I've been wait listed. Like it's ok if I don't get a new boo. Fine. Whatever. I've really come to terms with being single right now. My cynicism is reaching new highs in regards to my love life, so having a boo right now, that's whatever. I can find other things to occupy my time. But wanting him all the time, and not having him, it's painful. It hurts and sucks on so many levels, not even counting the thought that while I'm spending all this time and energy thinking about him, I can scantly imagine him spending a fraction of the time and energy over me. All the countless writing I've done... encyclopedias worth of writing. For what? For what? If only a great american novel would haunt me like the memory of this man, maybe then all this pain would be worth it.

But what else am I supposed to do? I keep trying. Think of new ways to avoid the heartache. This includes never checking his facebook page. However this is hard when my friends not only check his page, but comment on all his pictures. Then I go a little crazy.

Like today, when I saw how Lauren had commented on the pictures he had posted. It's bad enough he had posted pictures. I really like to imagine his life is miserable, that he does nothing and is boring. But that he's doing fun things, taking pictures, sharing them, and my friends are commenting on them, well... it makes my stomach turn. It makes me so angry with rage, that I am still here, still feeling these petty ways, and so alone in it, there's no one to talk to about it, no one to sympathize. Because when I talk about it I feel crazy, but I bottle it up so much that when I do talk about it it comes out sputtering and messy, incoherent and crazy. Like today when Khaliah had to catch an explosion after I ventured on facebook. And she doesn't really understand it. And there's really nothing anyone can say to console me. So every effort is futile. And so i continue to practice my number one method: try not to think about it. Anything, anyone else. But not him, not this.

I am hurting, and the hurt feels incredibly isolating. I just want to go away from it all. 