Whoo! Ise done a lot of typing today. You now how I get, talking to a certain someone and it's all clickity clack clack click. Right now we're debating the merits of the recording industry and pharrell's capacity to make teyana taylor a star. I say no. Of course he says yes. Cue the tape, we've seen it all before.

Earlier I sent him like a 3 page email in response to a posited question about how artists can make it in the new industry. That boy sure does know how to get me riled up. 

Moving forward, another day at the office bites the dust. I did a lot of iming and talking today. And then 4 diff L/R people wanted to hit me up on some chatty chatty. Brian trying to hit on my sister, which is awkward, and if he ever even tries to catch me with the side eye like what if I might have to tell him to go kill himself.  Webster inviting me to some party for the 2nd time via text, and webster saying he missed me. Them dudes need to stop. The only one who can cross the line is my precious precious alex. He's so cute, i just want to bite him. Talked to him today too (via text and then email). You know that fool's email address is johnnyyutah8050??? I was loling for hella long. He's so young. And alas that's why it could never work, cause I don't think that fool's serious about his future. But he'd be fun for the meantime in between time. I'm just saying, I wish he wasn't such a pussy, he could at least hold time with me for a second.

Back to CDO, he also got me all riled up about a site he's considering creating to help break artists. And you know me, I get all exciting, coming up with ideas, writing myself into the plot, getting gas, you know the deal. Typical "kia's imagination running away from her" fare. 

Speaking of boy problems, I talked to Sandy last night. More drama of Kirk, him acting like he doesn't like her but liking her all the same. I think I'm going to end up as the last one holding on to the virginity. I saw it all, laid out like a movie plot. The last dinosaur. Roll credits.