Just got home, and so glad to be here.

Today I went to the gym, and pushed it to the limit, jogging out the last ten of my 30 minute run at 5.5 mph. Whoo hoo.

The man at the Y gave me his number, and while he does strike me to be a cool person, I just don't know... if I know me, I'd be wasting his time.

After gym I went to the upper west side to get some hair stuff. I like the upper west. It's cute, there's lots of different stuff there. I decided I need to do more exploring out and about.

Came home, did my hair, baked some brownies, and took it down to wall street for paris' get together.


... and so khaliah and I ended up talking until 5 in the am, so this will be a two day replay...

So I went down to Paris' anticipating any and everything. Khaliah said Brooke's friends could be bougie, and that made me nervous. However by the time we made it down to wall street with my brownies & ice cream, humus and pita points, AND veggie platter with dip (I basically brought the party), it turned out me Khaliah were the first to arrive.

I had fun though, as I had already decided I would. Brooke actually entertains me with her bougieness, and the only other person who came was Carla, who is engaged!!

I couldn't believe it, if only because... well shit, it's marriage, and I swore she was single last year. But as it turns out she's dated the same guy basically since senior year of college.

Either which way she seemed very happy, and we all had fun reminiscing about HU. 

Of course the thought was we were going to stay downtown because they live so far, but their apartment is the hot two window death trap, and there was no way I was going to get any type of rest there. So we trekked it back uptown.

I guess Khaliah was feeling a little chatty, because while I sat at the computer trying to break down the day we get to talking, about all types of stuff with love and marriage, but eventually it ends up being a Christien-fest.

And the basic conclusion is that I love him, and haven't really met anyone with whom I'd have the same rapport. And I've kind of resigned myself to this, that I don't care if the guy is tall, or if he likes music, or any of those other things. He was the light of my life, and he brought out a side of me that no one else did. I was happy.
All the while, I just couldn't see us coming back together evenly yoked. I have years worth of writings about him, and my feelings for him. I never stopped loving him, missing him. What could he say or do that would compare to that? To make me feel like the love was even?

I can't see it. However somehow I have convinced so many around me that there's something more to us, that something divine will interfere and bring us back together. I don't know if that was persuasive subliminal talk on my behalf that has ingrained these people with my psychosis to sustain me through my doubt, or if perhaps there really is something there, and maybe they're right. It's like all the stuff I say I feel about Christien is what Khaliah says she feels about Chuck. But whatever. She and Chuck are together. Christien and I are not.

So even if divine intervention is going to step in and miraculously intervene, that which I cannot see or believe right now, it is not for me to think about. I have to deal with the here and now, the day to day. And what we have now is a very low functioning friendship. And so that's what it is.

Today I made my way out to Montclair to visit Jammal. He's as cute as ever, put on a little weight and everything. His studio is really nice, and his beats aren't too bad either. It seems like he's really progressing.

As adorable as he is, when we finally got to kissing, I felt nothing. Maybe his lips were too small. Maybe I was thinking too much. But something just wasn't right about it.

And so I feel like once again, I just don't really like anyone. And that's fine, I'm not really sad, just a bit discouraged. Like so this is what it's going to be? Me alone? Not that I ever had any disillusions about what me and the freshman boo were really doing. I even kind of brought it up, our cycle of communication. 6 months on, 1 year off. But can see it all spread out in front of him, his laidback style, busy schedule, lack of maturity... he's sweet, but I've never really felt comfortable talking to him about stuff. Like he doesn't listen. And that's probably my biggest problem, feeling comfortable talking to people. I just don't want to feel like they're not listening. So I don't say anything. I let them talk about their life. And perhaps I should be more forth coming, share more things. Stop waiting for people to come and unlock my secrets. But I do it anyway.

I was listening to his beats, thinking of lyrics and melodies... but I don't feel comfortable opening up to him about those, trying things out. I hate feeling like people are waiting for you to prove something. I'm always afraid I won't be able to deliver.

I guess I need to get over some fear things.

I'll add that to my to do list.

I'm in my room now, headphones in, Aimee Mann making my stomach turn a bit with her rolling melody and haunting lyrics.

Khaliah and Chuck were laughing in the other room, playing music loudly.  I couldn't focus. Didn't need the loudness of their lives to contrast so bluntly with the quietness of mines. 

And so now it's me and Aimee, and my turning stomach, and my wandering mind contemplating the end. 