I am hungry. The last meal I had was around 4 pm at Houston's with mom and Kamillah, but I got gas so bad I hadn't really the desire to eat anything else. But now it's 12:17 am and my stomach's grumbling. What to do.

Kamillah rightfully guessed that I had been "writing in my diary" last night. I'm suspicious as to how she could have guessed, but I suppose I'm not half as sneaky as I imagine. Or else she really could have been reading my journal, in which case I want to take the opportunity to clear the air about how I really feel about her: She is a poopy head.

That said, I guess I open myself wide open to ridicule.

Today mom flew in and we went to Saks' shoe department. I sooo want to have some money. I want to be able to take my mom and sister shopping and get them whatever they want. I want to be able to give them stuff more than I want to buy myself stuff, though I want to do that too.

Then after eating a tasteless meal at Houston's (only because I still cannot breath through my nose) we headed to church. The Creflo preached on the covenant Abraham had with God, and how through his unwaivering faith he was able to recieve his blessing. It was at the Manhattan center and extremely packed.

Mom was excitied for the word and talked to dad about it especially re:the house situation. She told him about how when carla jones gave her this expensive set of baby monitors God told her to save them for her new house. But God always talks to my mom. I wished he'd talk to me. And maybe he does, and maybe I doubt him. But perhaps he could speak justa little louder, or clearer? It'd be nice to be able to separate fantasy and dream from prophecy. i'd like to not waste my time thinking of things that will never come to pass.

Taxi'd it home, watching potter. Just finished an email to AV. Clever man he is. 

I try to not force anyone's hand in dating me, that whomever God will have me to have will come to me, yet in still I get impatient and think about coaxing AV on a date. However i'm afraid spiritually we're completely incongruous. So it'd all be for naught anyway.

