Yestyerday. I forgot to write my day away... now it seems as though it's far away. Oooh here's what happened yesterday...

Curtains.

Yesterday my congestion hit new heights. I woke up in my mom's cramped and crappy hotel room in a pissy ass mood, mad cause it was Sunday night, mad cause  we were all going to be going our separate ways over the next few hours, mad cause I was a mouth breather. I hate being a mouth breather. 

I feel like my health is getting out of control. Like this congestion just won't go away, and i think my sister diagnosed me with acid reflux. I swear I just want to stop eating all together. Eff it, I can't taste anyway.

I woke up on Khaliah's bed. I had decided to sleep there after tossing uncomfortably on the couch for about 30 minutes, then laying very stiffly on her bed for about another hour. I just didn't want her to walk in on me sleeping on her bed. I know I'd be pissed, but then I realized that I'm anal and moody, it doesn't take much to piss me off. Khaliah wouldn't care at all. She's mad laid back, sometimes agravatingly so, but nonetheless she's never had any real beef with me. We've had our spats, but for the most part she takes my crazy moodiness in stride. So I decided the lesson I'm to learn from our time in cohabitation is to be more laid back in my living situation, and not to sweat the small stuff. They're just things. They're not people.

We ended up downtown, me and kamillah, wandering listless and cold through soho, continuing our "one day when we're rich" pinenings. Miu Miu (pronounced mew mew, my new favorite fashion designer) had astonishingly fabulous works of art on 3 inches, as the sales people promptly ignored us and instead played dress up with the merchandise.

Magnolia barker broke my diet. I'd like to say that I had to, because Magnolia bakery is the only stable relationship I have in this city. However in truth they're liquid crack, and taste good even when I'm congested, though in hindsight I'm still not sure if it was worth it.

But in midtown I suffered through a jaunt at abercrombie and fitch, and finally settled on a nap in the hotel room nestled next to the human furnace. 

Dinner brought fast break #2, chicken pasta alfredo, bread, and a taste of chocolate molten cake with ice cream. It wasn't even that good.

Today!

Today I decided to take control of my congestion. Or so I thought. In reality I unknowingly surrendered control of my bowels.

It's called oil pulling. It's based on ayurvedic medicine in india, which deals with lots of different complicated and convoluted ideas about the balance in the body etc etc. The practice is to swish and chomp an oil around in your mouth for about 10 minutes, and it's supposed to draw the toxins out of your saliva and hence cure a bevy of illnesses, including cancer, headaches, and for me most importantly, congestion.  Mad people on the internet posted stories about how it made them feel so much better so fast, they could breathe, their teeth was whiter, etc etc. I did my ten minutes, it was disgusting, then headed to the gym. Somewhere around 40 minutes later the grumbling started. And then it got bad. REally bad. Bad like I had to take my jacket off in the elevator just to speed my preparation. Bad like I was afraid I'd see an oil slick in the toilet. Bad like I had to take a 20 minute power nap and go to work late.

Alas, at work, there was nothing to report. This was the last day without the boss unfortunately. It's been quiet, but I'm waiting for the storm. I just can work so slow sometimes. I get caught up in reading about various unrelated things, intellectual star gazing and the like, that the entire day can escape me. But I know once I get the swing of things and find my rhythm everything should go alot faster.  

Watching the primary results in Dixon New Hampshire, the first district to report in the state. Barak won. It's crazy. I never really thought I'd see a black president in my lifetime. Apocalypse now.

Lunch with mom, soup, salad, stomach pains. Sushi for dinner, stomach pains. 

Updated Lauren on our friends; courtney's f*cking to pay bills, dionne's pregnant and isn't sure who the father is. Great stuff really. It's like dodging bullets, the small choices we all make and the targets it rockets you out to. 

Talked to AV. The light of my text life. Got email from CDO, the light of my email life. That works enough for the time being, I'm happy to be busy, better than I was two months ago. Even if triflin Left Right has YET to get me my money. Even if.

I am rich.