Congestion down, sore throat up.

An average day.

Work.

Laundry.

Gym.

Eating something.

Allowed myself to become affect by CDO. The trigger was a conversation about the song "I don't know why (I love you)" very appropriately. I was all excited about it, but not only had he heard this particular cover by Brand New Heavies, he was familiar with the original and unimpressed. 

It seems illogical to be sadden by this, but I was.

I need to stop loving him. It ain't good for me, my little heart can't take it. I just hinge everything on him, one word and he can throw my day out of whack. Granted I think i recover faster these days, but still.

It's sad, I fear love will always make me illogical. Then I fear I'll never love anyone else. Like he's it for me, and I scared him away with my crazy antics. Hell, I scare myself. 

But it's like I just wait for him, like I'm that eager puppy in the window, "pick me! pick me!" And sometimes he looks and slightly smiles, and then sometimes he doesn't see me at all. He never buys me. But I always feel like I'm one tail wag away...

A pathetic analogy for a pathetic situation. Very fitting.

I just don't see where this is all going. Like should I give up forever? Just charge it to the game, like I'm not meant to date, I never love but when I do I love too hard, it'll never work. Because that's how I feel. Somehow I blame the end of CDO and I on me. Like if there was just something I could have done, or not done, maybe it wouldn't have ended. But he makes me neurotic, and no one wants someone who's neurotic. And I wish I could just cut him out of my life, but the memory's so strong I struggle to let it go, to imagine my life without him, to make future plans without considering where he factors in. If I got a tattoo, what would he think? I stopped smoking, wouldn't he be proud? He'd like this dress. Everything is quietly done for him, even if he doesn't know it. And maybe he never will. He probably won't. But the fact remains that boy is my weakness, and I lose all sense in regard to him. 

It doesn't even hurt anymore. It's just sad, like someone's died. And frustrating, the cliched-ness of it all. And annoying because it's been 3 years and I haven't come remotely close to being involved with anyone who makes me feel even a fraction of the way I did when I was with him. That's disheartening. That and the fact that I've wrote these words a thousand times, frowned the same frown, ached the same heartache, shed the same tears for so long. Nothing. The groundhog day of my romantic life, nothing ever changes.

And as always: Dear God, please throw me a bone. Prayed that one a bunch too.

I also tried to get over jealousy today. But as of now I'm too deflated to think of anything beyond how pitiful I truly am. I feel without hope and utterly abandoned.

And all this because of a stupid song. So sensitive. Fuck.

"I never knew how much love could hurt till I loved you."